deprecates `newSeqUninitialized` replaced by `unsafeseqs.newSeqUninit` (#22586)
nim-lang/Nim: changelog.md

[//]: # "Additions:"

> - Adds a module `std/unsafeseqs`, which contains `newStringUninit` and `newSeqUnsafe` functions that create a new string of length `len` like `newString` but with uninitialized content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds a module `std/unsafeseqs`, which contains `newSeqUninit` and `newSeqUnsafe` functions that create a new sequence of length `len` like `newSeq` but with uninitialized content.
```
